chore: push protos into Buf Schema Registry (#855)
helpwave/services: README.md

### Networking

The microservices are tied together using [dapr](https://dapr.io/). Most services provide a grpc API, as defined by the Protobufs in `/proto`.

> [Here](https://buf.build/helpwave/services) you can find a generated documentation of our Protobufs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Here](https://buf.build/helpwave/services) you can find the proto's documentation.
```
